And for data syncs,
there are a lot of algorithms, ideas,
there are many, even books on that topic,
maybe not just on the web.
How you sync data because what happens
if the data changed server-side, and
also client side at the same time,
how you're going to manage that, so
it's a whole topic by itself,
data syncing.
And for data syncing, you should
Master Service Workers and the sync's API.
Backgroung sync, periodic background sync,
background fetch, and many others.
And always think about versions and
data migration between versions, okay?
So, there is a new version of your app,
so the user,
we need to remember that the user may
come back to your app a year later.
And in a year, maybe you've changed your
app 15 times and your schema 15 times.
So, don't think that you're
always migrating data from
the previous version to the new one, no.
The user might be coming back,
okay, and it needs 15 migrations.
Of course, at that point,
some apps are saying, now this is too old,
I'm sorry user,
I'm not going to migrate your data,
or you have a history of
migration algorithms.
So you run through version 2 to 3,
3 to 4, 4 to 5, until version 15 and
you cross your fingers that
everything will work, okay?
But that's also possible Makes sense?
And in terms of security, remember that
all browser data storage is public, okay?
So it's insecure by definition, don't
store there anything that is sensitive.
No private data, no sensitive data.
And if you store authentication data,
have in mind that data
should be revoked somehow,
there should be a way to revoke that data,
okay?
And where to continue and
rate more do more, Web Workers.
So mastering Web Workers will help
in Data Management, Service Workers,
the Sync API's, and
more about IndexedDB performance, okay?
And finally, Web Assembly-based Databases,
that's high performance,
there are things that can be done there.
And where do you store those databases?
They can be on top of IndexedDB, so you
use IndexedDB as a file system kind of,
or the real file system,
it's also possible.
And then you can use MySQL
technically if you want.
The problem with my SQL is
that it's TCP-based and
you cannot open sockets, okay?
But despite that, the engine can
actually be portaled into Web Assembly.